1) Develop a Power BI project focused on HR data for a company facing challenges in comprehending their employee data to extract valuable insights. Construct a comprehensive dashboard that includes the following components:



Headcount Analysis:
Illustrate Headcount breakdown by Business Unit.
Display Headcount distribution across various age groups.
Analyze Headcount based on gender.
Breakdown of Headcount by Job Title.
Show Headcount distribution across different departments.

Slicers for Enhanced Analysis:
Implement multiple slicers enabling dynamic filtering by   
    department, country, and employee full name.

Data Refresh Information:
Incorporate a visual element indicating the date and time of the 
    last data refresh.

2)Power BI project focusing on state-wise constituency seats in India
This project aims to provide deeper insights into India's state-wise constituencies, facilitating a comprehensive understanding. By examining various metrics, it endeavors to shed light on:

Project Questions


1. Determine the total number of states within India.
2. Calculate the overall count of constituency seats across the country.
3. Break down the number of constituency seats by each state.
4. Visualize the distribution of constituency seats across states using a map.
5. Analyze the number of constituency seats by political parties.
6. Explore the distribution of constituency seats by coalition parties.



Slicers for Enhanced Analysis:
Implement multiple slicers enabling dynamic filtering by   
    department, country, and employee full name.

Data Refresh Information:
Incorporate a visual element indicating the date and time of the 
    last data refresh.


Everything is perfect, but the introduction of DAX needs two days to be covered. It's a very important topic for building dashboards in Power BI and is frequently asked in interviews
Topics to be Covered:
• What is DAX?
• Why is DAX Important?
• DAX Syntax
• Data Types in DAX
• Functions in DAX
• Measures in DAX
• Operators in DAX
• Tables and Filtering in DAX
• Queries in DAX
• Parameter Naming in DAX



what is POWER BI?
why power BI?
WHat is Power BI Query Editor?
Advantage and Disadvantage of pOWER BI?
Difference between Tabule and POWER BI?
why You people are using visual option like charts,map,table?




Age Group = 
SWITCH(
    TRUE(),
    'Employee Data'[Age] < 20, "Under 20",
    'Employee Data'[Age] < 30, "20-29",
    'Employee Data'[Age] < 40, "30-39",
    'Employee Data'[Age] < 50, "40-49",
    "50+"
)






